PROJECT DETAILS

Write an application that simulates the operation of simple cryptographic algorithms. The application must support at least the following algorithms: Rail fence, Myszkowski, and Playfair. The simulation includes the encryption of arbitrarily entered text. Decryption is not necessary.
To use the application, the user must first register. During registration, the user enters a username and password, after which a digital certificate and a pair of RSA keys are (automatically) issued within the application for that user (the path to the created certificate and key is displayed). Ensure that the data in the certificate is associated with the appropriate user data. All user data necessary for the certificate is also entered during registration. The generated certificate and private key must be adequately protected.
Users log into the system in two steps. In the first step, they need to enter the digital certificate, and in the second step, the username and password. After a successful login, the user is shown a list of available algorithms for simulation. The user selects the appropriate algorithm, then enters the text they want to encrypt (up to 100 characters), as well as the encryption key. After the encryption is performed, the user is shown the ciphertext. Additionally, the result of each simulation initiated by the user is saved in a text file in the format: TEXT | ALGORITHM | KEY | CIPHERTEXT. In this way, a separate file with the history of their simulations is created for each user. The content of their file can only be viewed by the logged-in user and only within the application. It is necessary to protect the confidentiality and integrity of these files in case of attempts to access them outside the application. The application should detect any unauthorized modification of the file and notify the appropriate user after they log into the application.
The application assumes the existence of a public key infrastructure. All certificates should be issued by a CA entity that was established before the application starts. Assume that the CA certificate, CRL list, all users' certificates, and the private key of the currently logged-in user will be located at an arbitrary location on the file system (it is not necessary to implement key exchange mechanisms).
